0 it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .
0 this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .
0 not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
0 it 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
1 passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .
1 you wo n't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him .
1 impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .
1 i do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .
1 i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .
1 i 've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .
1 it showcases carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff .
1 the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
3 so unassuming and pure of heart , you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` safe ! '
3 kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
3 this is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .
3 but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned can not be said to suck .
3 the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
3 inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .
3 highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
3 it 's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them .
3 it 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker 's movie adaptation .
3 the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .
3 all-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .
4 not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
4 not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j.k. rowling 's books .
4 montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
4 nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
4 not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
0 but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , either .
0 splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings .
0 a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
0 bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .
1 ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled : nobody deserves any prizes here .
1 as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
1 the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured -lrb- and torturing -rrb- artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .
1 stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd .
1 there 's plenty of style in guillermo del toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .
1 but i was n't .
1 if you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at britney spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
1 accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .
1 but that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .
1 suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let 's just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal .
1 the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky .
1 it does n't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
1 the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but was n't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
1 it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just does n't make the cut .
1 birot 's directorial debut -lrb- she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré -rrb- is n't so much bad as it is bland .
1 the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it is n't exactly kiddie-friendly ... alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman -lrb- who never gets to play that flute -rrb- has all the charm of a meltdown .
1 there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .
1 not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon '' .
1 frenetic but not really funny .
1 dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .
1 not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it 's almost funny .
1 if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .
1 k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich .
1 propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
1 blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor .
1 not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' i once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .
1 but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
1 one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .
3 who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .
3 is n't quite the equal of woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easily his finest american film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films .
3 the film 's real appeal wo n't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
3 do n't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
3 this is n't a narrative film -- i do n't know if it 's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i 'm sure some will try -- but it 's as close as anyone has dared to come .
3 for benigni it was n't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio .
3 it 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .
3 not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
3 this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .
3 it 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
3 narc may not get an ` a ' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
3 day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs .
3 it uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding .
3 kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed .
3 tim story 's not there yet - but ` barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
3 not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
3 not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies .
3 zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
3 the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
3 time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
3 you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
3 in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .
3 it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
3 too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total loss .
4 children may not understand everything that happens -- i 'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
4 it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
4 it 's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
4 call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
4 the film delivers not just the full assault of reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
4 divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
4 it 's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .
4 the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
